some time ago I was on Instagram or
something scrolling and wasting time and
I saw this really amazing ad for the low
free flow it was one of the most
stunning looking keyboards I had seen so
I figured I just have to get my hands on
to see what it looks like in person and
not too long ago I was able to get my
hands on one and of course I took the
time to review it comprehensively and
now we're gonna see what makes this 75
low profile mechanical keyboard so
special and of course answered the
ultimate question of whether or not is
the right one for you let's get into it
in terms of packaging contents the lofi
Packaging Contents
flow comes in a fairly minimalist box
that's honestly just slightly bigger
than the actual keyboard itself now
anyway once you remove the protective
packaging I immediately knew I was in
for a good experience because you have a
magnetic lid here whenever you have that
it's like International sign language
0:48
for high-end packaging anyway once you
0:51
open it up inside you will find a cute
0:53
little paper pouch which has the
0:55
operational manual quick start guide and
0:57
other basic documentation about the
0:59
keyboard pass that remove all the
1:01
protective packaging here and here it is
1:03
the low Free Flow In the Flesh and it is
1:06
a beautiful keyboard more on that in a
1:09
minute past that you have a usb-a to
1:13
USBC charging cable pretty standard
1:15
stuff and that's pretty much it the low
Design
1:17
free flow really is the best looking 75
1:20
low profile keyboard I have had my hands